[RU] title page + screenshots script (#268)
Heegu-sama/Homm3BG: README.md

The personal dictionary `.aspell.homm3.pwd` currently contains only game-related words.
It does not contain names (e.g., "BoardGameGeek") or parameter values (e.g., "px", "svg") in order to minimize the chances of false-negatives in the main body of text.

### 📸 Screenshots

As Pull Request often requires screenshots you can the script to make PNG images of specified page(s):
```bash
./pdf_screenshot.sh <LANGUAGE> <FIRST_PAGE> <LAST_PAGE>
```

Example:
```bash
./pdf_screenshot.sh en 5 7
```

> To process single page, use:
> ```bash
> ./pdf_screenshot.sh <LANGUAGE> <PAGE>
> ```
> 
> Example:
> ```bash
> ./pdf_screenshot.sh en 5 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To process single a page, use:
```bash
./pdf_screenshot.sh en 5 
```
```
No reason to overexplain things.

Reviewer: Please fix before merging.

The personal dictionary `.aspell.homm3.pwd` currently contains only game-related words.
It does not contain names (e.g., "BoardGameGeek") or parameter values (e.g., "px", "svg") in order to minimize the chances of false-negatives in the main body of text.

> ### Screenshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 📸 Screenshots
```

> As Pull Request often requires screenshots you can use next script to make a png images of exact page(s):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Pull Request often requires screenshots you can the script to make PNG images of specified page(s):
```

> ```bash
> ./pdf_screenshot.sh <LANGUAGE> <FIRST> <LAST>
> ```
> 
> where 
> - **LANGUAGE**: language code of your translation
> - **FIRST**: page number to start from
> - **LAST**: last page number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
./pdf_screenshot.sh <LANGUAGE> <FIRST_PAGE> <LAST_PAGE>
```
```

Example:
```bash
./pdf_screenshot.sh en 5 7
```

> * if you need only one page, just use the same number twice:
> Example:
> ```bash
> ./pdf_screenshot.sh en 5 5
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I suggest updating the script so that if one number is given, it produces a single page.
